Your MSG: Okay, I hear it now.
Parker Eng: Okay, start broadcast. Okay, so you… Okay, let's see… here's the… Okay, do you see the observatory app in there?
Your MSG: Yeah.
Parker Eng: Okay. So, I can't remember, have you actually ever seen the real app?
Your MSG: No.
Parker Eng: Okay, I didn't think so. So yeah, so this is what it looks like, and you can see the, the second hand they're moving. So you see… You know, you see the sun in the middle. you see, you know, there's Mercury, that first ring, you know, Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, and then Saturn. And that's where it stops, it doesn't go any… find, Uranus and Neptune. you know, you have to know where it's at, and you get a telescope, and even then, it's just a little dot. So… The, the point in this app, you can see that it actually shows us exactly where the other solar system planets are relative to the Earth, and you can see where the moon is on the app relative to the Earth. and the other planets. And so, right now, as we or… like, if I were to, I'm gonna hit the set button. I don't know what you can see when I tap on stuff. Did you see that little… Little, highlight of my tap.
Your MSG: Mmm… Right now, I just see, you press set, and then, like…
Parker Eng: Yeah, I hit set, and then… okay, so…
Your MSG: on top.
Parker Eng: Yeah, okay, so it gives me… and, you know, I like… your layout a little bit more than this layout, but, you know, I also understand why they did it this way. So if I… if I were to, if I were to go ahead by… I'm gonna hit… the blue day is forward, the red day on the other side is backward. So I'm gonna go forward, one day at a time, and you can see those rings moving, and you see the planets moving, right? As I step one day at a time, I'm tapping it. The word day, you know, Like that, and so if I… if I tap it faster, you can see it… you can see what's… what's happening there. And you can see the Moon and the Earth and the other planets, orbiting… And so, you see, I'm gonna go backwards now, okay? So what's, what's nice about this is you see the rings, like, you see the moon ring, going forward and backwards, so I'm gonna go, forward again. So as I go forward, you can see, you know, I have mine set to a 24-hour clock. You know, midnights at top, and then it goes all the way around to… You know, back to midnight. So… the, What looks like the hour hand? Or, no, no, huh. No, there is a, That's right. Okay, so there's a… there's a long, white, thin. Arrow that starts, you know, at the sun and goes out, and it actually goes to… like, 1030, almost. Do you see that white one? Okay, so that… that's gonna show me… the time of day, so I'm gonna… I'm gonna advance that one all the way to… You know, let's say… You know, that's, what was it, 9 o'clock, almost, or 8.30, right there? I'm gonna go… I'm gonna advance the minutes to where it's at 9 o'clock. Okay, so… so now… now… now I'm at about 9 o'clock. Okay? Not that it really matters, because, you know, the stuff's not gonna move that much, by the hour. It's when you go by the day, it's more accurate, or you see more movement. Okay, so, I'm gonna go to… I'm gonna, reset and go back to today. Okay, and then, I'm gonna forward the hour to… 9 o'clock, or… let's… let's… that's 9.30ish, okay? So… Tonight. I can see that the moon is gonna rise at 1600 hours. Okay? It's gonna set at, you know, after, after, 0100. Right? At, 0-130, basically, is when it's gonna set. Okay. And… and this is based upon… My location, also. Okay, and that may be an issue. I don't know how it's gonna determine… I mean, maybe that's already built into the programming, where it picks up your location, where your browser is, you know, coming from. But this is by location, so you can see on the map at the top of the screen of the world, you see a red dot right where we are. And so that's… it's showing that's… that's where we are. But… We use this app to determine when is gonna be a good night to view what? So, I see here, tonight. Saturn's rising just a little bit after 10 o'clock, okay? But if I want to go forward to the next Day 4 Meeting, I'm gonna… That's the… was it the 19th, I think, of September, so I'm gonna go… I'm gonna go, forward a month, and then back up a couple days, okay? Saturday, September 19th. I see that Saturn, now rises Just after 8 o'clock, after, you know, 20… 2000, and, It… so, when you look at the Saturn ring, that… that light turquoise ring. You can see that the peak. is a little bit after, you know, it's like $2.20 or so, because you get the little diamond right there. I can see that that's when it peaks. Now, if I… if I go to… On the… the, the top… Left… circle, or semicircle, it looks like right now, outside the big… the big circle. It says Saturn, now it says Sun. When I tap on it, it changes what… what object it's focused on. So I'm gonna go back to Saturn here. And it shows me that Saturn is gonna be at, you know, just under, at that time, at, what times I got… I have it set at… right now, it's at, 9… a little past 9.30, right? So, at 9.30, Saturn's gonna be… just under 20 degrees high, okay? If I go down to the bottom left circle, it shows that it's gonna be, you know, just, you know, around, facing east, and that's the direction I'm gonna look. I'm not worried as much about the eclipse simulator or the equation of time. I don't even understand what those are for. I mean, the eclipse simulators. Shown when… when there's a possible eclipse, but, those don't matter to me. Mainly these two on the left. shows me how high and what direction, the object's gonna be. So if I tap on, so the sun, let's go about… let's go to the moon. So the moon's gonna be, about 30 degrees up, and, you know, just… Past south, southwest. In the sky. you know, same thing with Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter is, you know, low. So, anyway, you can kind of see the visual, of… of… You know, where the planets are relative to each other in the solar system, and that's… That's mainly, you know, what we're using it for. Now, there are other functions in the middle, in those middle circles, those three circles. That we don't really use. I mean, you know, the Zodiac, you know, they're… I don't really use it, so I don't see how… you know, I don't see a reason to include that if we don't need to. Not even sure what that… that top… middle… Circle dial is for. It says, son, 20. I don't, I don't, I don't know what that's mainly for today, so, okay. Yeah, I don't know what… That's necessarily for. But, anyway. you know, so basically, if I… if I'm, if I'm looking at this, the main thing is those rings around the outside, like, you know, I want to find a day that the moon is not gonna be out, so I'm gonna forward to… now we're at October 3rd. Moon doesn't rise until… Till, you know, 1AM. I thought there was a way to see what phase of the moon The moon was gonna be… oh, it's up to… it's covered up by your, Your little screen, okay,
Your MSG: Okay.
Parker Eng: Okay, so as you can see what phase the moon's gonna be in, too, so that's helpful as well. To be able to see that. So as I'm… as I'm forwarding, you know, I can see, oh, moon's gonna rise at 7 o'clock, 7pm, but it's only a… it's a, you know, waning crescent. So that's not gonna affect me. light pollution-wise from the moon that much, and it's gonna be a pretty view of it. So, you know, we use this to kind of determine what good nights, might be for viewing. And for viewing what? So… Does that make sense?
Your MSG: Yeah.
Parker Eng: So…
Your MSG: Let's say… If you were gonna jump into the app. What is the first thing that you look at?
Parker Eng: Okay, let me, let me go to the app real quick.
Your MSG: No, no, no, like, the… that one.
Parker Eng: Huh? The observatory app, okay.
Your MSG: Yeah.
Parker Eng: when… if I was gonna jump into the app, what's the… say that again?
Your MSG: When you… let's say… You didn't spend the time talking to me about this, and you're just like. I'm gonna go into the Observatory app, and I'm going to… blank. What would that blank be?
Parker Eng: Well, I think the first thing that that Fred and I have always done is try to see where the moon is. Like, when is the moon going to rise and set? And what phase is it, you know, is it in? sometimes, when I just jump into the app, my first thing is, okay, when will I be able to see Saturn? Because that's a… that's a favorite. And so… You know, depending on what time of year it is. I mean, you know, if I know that it's not Saturn season right now, that's fine, but I want to know when Saturn season starts. And so I'll go in here, and I'll start jumping, you know, by month, until I see Saturn in a good time frame for a star party. So we use it to plan star parties. We plan… we use it to plan our, you know, plan our own, viewing, in our own backyards. So… it's… I would say it's mainly… Moon… Saturn and Jupiter are the three Main things we use it for.
Your MSG: And then… Like, the user experience, like, you just did, like, a bunch of tapping. Like, you would have to tap, like. for a long time. Like, if you were gonna do… Like, a month out or something.
Parker Eng: So, the tapping… what I like about the tapping, and it doesn't have to be. But there has to be a way, kind of like what you did, where I dragged the… Was it the sun, or something? One of the dots or whatever on the screen, the way you have it right now? I like being able to drag something to where I can see the movement. Like, you know, if I'm tapping on the day. I can see the movement of the moon and its, you know, rise and sets. If I go to, you know, by month, you can see much larger jumps of everything, obviously. You know. Let's go back to today, and then… so you can kind of see what I'm saying there, or even the hour. The hour doesn't show much other than… you know, I mean, again, the hour doesn't really show much other than you can see the moon moving up there, You know, what the view of the moon's gonna look like in the sky. But yeah, but when you tap on day… you know, so if there's a way to drag something to where you can see the movement. That'd be great, but, I mean… Again, the main thing is to… to find… optimal… you know, days for viewing certain things. And it's visual, that's the thing I like about it, is it's visual. I mean, I can go to, you know, I can do a Google search and say, hey, when does the moon rise you know, at 10 o'clock on, you know, what day does the moon start rising at 10 o'clock, or earlier, or whatever, I mean, you know, but that's not… That's not visual. Okay.
Your MSG: And then, like, some of the things that, let's say… let's say that you like. So, I think the… The moon is pretty cool. What else do you kinda like? On there, just, like, little things about the app.
Parker Eng: Let's see… I mean, you know, the altitude is very important. The altitude and direction, because let's say we're gonna be at ICR in the parking lot, you know, if I know which direction is what in the parking lot, or whatever location I'm at. I'll be like, oh, there's trees on that side, or oh, yeah, that's… that'll give us a clear view. Or, you know, if I'm in the parking lot, I'm like, okay, I need to find the right spot in the parking lot, so I do have a clear view of the eastern sky, or the southern sky, or whatever. You know, because that's where Jupiter will be, or that's where Saturn will be. So… That's, you know, those two things on the, you know, those smaller circles on the left. Are… are important. Oh, I see what that small circle in the middle is. It says UTC, so that's the… I guess that's the UTC time. Right? Is that right? Yeah, that's the UT.
Your MSG: See?
Parker Eng: Okay, and I never even… yeah, that's how little I've used it, or looked at it, because it doesn't really matter to me. I don't know what that solar… what is the solar thing?
Your MSG: Yeah, so the one thing is just knowing.
Parker Eng: Anyway, yeah.
Your MSG: All the things that you use.
Parker Eng: Right, right.
Your MSG: It doesn't make sense to have it.
Parker Eng: Right, right. If we don't use it, yeah.
Your MSG: So, that's, that's a big thing.
Parker Eng: Yeah, yeah.
Your MSG: So, it kind of looks like a lodge. Yeah. Is that the entire purpose of it?
Parker Eng: Yeah, so Emerald Sequoia is a watchmaker. that, you know, they make clocks and stuff. And so that's… that's, you know, when they designed it, or put their, their name stamp on it, you know, so this particular face… now, granted, you know, on an iPad… so you can't even get this app on an iPhone, because the screen's too small. but I have seen watch faces. I actually have a watch face. that has a similar look to this, but I can't get the detail, on my watch, my Apple Watch, you know, like this. All I do is… all I see is the planets going around. I have no, no, you know, textual, detail of what it's telling me. So it doesn't do me any good to have it on my watch without data. You know, but on the iPad, or on a computer screen, or whatever, something bigger, yeah, I can actually, you know, get the detail out of it. So for… Day 4 folks, you know, this is something that, you know, again, they can use. To plan their, their viewing. you know, are there other tools that, you know, we can eventually think of that we can provide, for Day 4 members that… that would be helpful to their, you know, their journey? Yes. I mean, obviously, you know, a lot of the apologetic stuff, the intelligent design stuff, the, you know, all that stuff, I think is what people, want. You know, and that's what they'll use to… when they talk to people. But… But, you know, you know, we want people to… We want people to become amateur astronomers. Not just, you know, you know, not just people who, you know, want knowledge and stuff. Does that make sense to me? We're, you know, we're an astronomy club, to a large degree, you know, it's not just about individuals learning stuff, it's coming together and doing stuff together. And so, as we develop different resources, you know, that's one thing to keep in mind, is that, you know, the resources are, you know, should be there for us to help each other, grow, you know, in our astronomy. Journey, you know, from a biblical worldview.
Your MSG: So, with, So what I'm hearing is that one of the things is, like, this is… It can be used as a teaching tool. where people could just use it, because when I look at that, I get really confused. I'm like. I don't understand… Majority of this stuff there.
Parker Eng: Well, I will tell you, a lot of the stuff that's on there that we don't need. Kinda gets in the way. Yeah. Those three… those three circles in the middle, they get in the way. The zodiac signs, they… they get in the way. So, yeah, I can see what you're saying there.
Your MSG: Yeah, so if you were to… pare it down. Just like, let's say… Because, from what I heard. There's, like, 3 things that you really need. Right? Moon? Saturn… And where to point. Right?
Parker Eng: Yeah, the direction and the altitude.
Your MSG: Okay.
Parker Eng: Of where to look. The, you know, the sunset, sunrise, you know, you know, you see there in the gradients, you can see when it's… you know, when it's daytime, and then you can see when it's nighttime, and you can see dusk and dawn, or twilight, right? You can see in the gradient there, You know, what time it's supposed to be darker. So that, that's helpful, too. you know, I guess that's one of those things that, in my brain, I didn't think about how helpful that is, but it is, and that's, when I look at this, and I'm looking at, okay, 7 o'clock, is when it starts to get darker, but then you can see, it's not really dark dark until 7.30. And, you know, I'm not… I'm not stuck on having to have a 24-hour clock. If… if it said. you know, 1 through 12 at the bottom, you know, 12 at the bottom, and started off, you know, 13 at 1 again, and went that way. That would be less confusing to most people. Then for, you know, most people don't, you know, they have a harder time, including myself, have a harder time translating 2100, to 9 o'clock. You know, I've done it a few times on this app. You know, so… you know, it comes a little bit more natural, but, but I still have to think about it.
Your MSG: But then, like, what would, the… like, amateur astronomers as… like, what, what, what… What would they use?
Parker Eng: they would use our regular clock. I mean, most astronomers don't use military time.
Your MSG: Okay. That works out.
Parker Eng: I mean, you could have both on there, but I mean, I, you know, I don't see a need for it, necessarily. And, you know, you might just put AM on the right, and put PM on the left. So that they know this is AMNPM.
Your MSG: Yeah, I think the only benefit of having that is just that, like you said, with the gradients, just to show, The difference between day and night.
Parker Eng: Yeah.
Your MSG: That's a huge benefit, because I don't know how you could do that with a 12-hour clock.
Parker Eng: Right, right. Let me… I'm gonna… in the options here… okay, noon on top, yeah, so you can put noon on top in the options, And all of a sudden, noon is on top. So… you know, I mean… Maybe to some people, this makes more sense? I don't know. What do you think?
Your MSG: Yeah, it doesn't matter to me. Yeah, maybe noon on top makes more sense, just because…
Parker Eng: Most people are used to noon being.
Your MSG: Noon on top. Yeah. Okay, that works out. the great thing is that you're recording this, so I could get… like, I'm taking notes, but then, like. the transcript would really, really help in recording. Yeah. And one thing I heard is the app. has, let's say 3 use cases. Right. The first use case is to… Somebody who wants to, you know, their own backyard. set up and plan, like, hey, I have some time, I'm gonna… what can I see in the sky? Here, right?
Parker Eng: Yep.
Your MSG: Then the second one would be, organizations want to do, like, a star party type go. and then the third one would be, Like, parents who want to teach, people about, or the kids about, like, you know, the sky.
Parker Eng: Yeah, how it moves. The movie.
Your MSG: Yeah.
Parker Eng: Guy, yeah.
Your MSG: So, okay. And then, at 1… Point in time, like, the app could be used as a teaching tool.
Parker Eng: Yep. Yeah, again, if you get rid of a lot of the, the… the distracting pieces. From it. Like, I… I, I, I get that… I mean, okay, so, like, the… the clock hands… You know, when I go and do this, I don't know if the… The… the minute hand and the hour hand are necessary. Does that make sense? I mean, yeah, I get that it visually shows that I'm moving by minute, and I'm moving by hour, But if you have it like the way you've got it, you've got it, in a little box, or, you know, you've got the numbers down below, that shows you know, the, you know, it moving. The one hand, the one white, the big long white one. I think that's helpful to show, okay, I'm looking at, you know, you know, roughly 145, Right now, See, that'd be AM. And see, that's what… this is what confuses me about this 24-hour clock, is because, Yeah, that's kind of why I like the, you know, to have AM and PM on one side or the other, and that's actually why I put noon on top, because I'm used to noon Or, no, I mean, midnight. I don't know, I've gotten used to looking at it with midnight on top. You know, but… Because part of the reason why I think I like the midnight on top is because I'm visually… I'm looking for the night. I'm looking for nighttime stuff. And so, to have it on top, you know, it's like I'm looking up at the sky, I guess, you know, I think it's a psychological thing for me. when I put… Noon on top, that flips it. And… and all of a sudden, I'm looking at nighttime, you know, I'm looking down at nighttime, which I… I don't know. It's just what I've gotten used to. I mean, I can get used to one way or the other, that's fine. But I, I think… having… I think having AM… I think having a 12-hour clock, not a 24-hour clock, And having AM and PM on one side or the other, I think, would be helpful. So, anyway, sorry.
Your MSG: So, why would you even need AM?
Parker Eng: Because some things, well, you know, because some people, they're up at 3 o'clock in the morning, because they're wanting to, video or photograph Saturn, because that happens to be when it comes up.
Your MSG: Well, I guess what I'm saying is, why would you even need Like, if I was gonna subtract…
Parker Eng: Like…
Your MSG: I would subtract the… And… All the time, like, where the sun's at. You know how, like, on the top right now? Yeah. I guess between… 7.30 and… 1730?
Parker Eng: Okay?
Your MSG: Like… Is that lined? any important to you? Like, what if it was just deleted?
Parker Eng: I would not want to delete it. One, I think, you know, we, you know, if parents are using it as a teaching tool for their kids, I think For the kids to see the numbers visually, would be important. And… Plus, you know, I can see… what time does the moon actually rise? So, like, right now, I see on this particular setting, or day, or whatever, it's gonna… it's gonna rise at 1230. Okay. I can see that it's gonna set. At, you know, after midnight. So, I mean, I think you need those visual Ques and numbers there.
Your MSG: Well, what I'm saying is, like, what if you have… Just, moonrise, moonset. Like, just imagine just that. In that circle.
Parker Eng: Moonrise, moonset, I guess I'm not understanding… I'm not quite understanding what you're saying, because I like the rings. The rings are a… A nice visual cue. To show me how long You know, something is gonna be up. And as it, as it circles around,
Your MSG: But you… you only look at how long it's gonna be up. For the night sky, right?
Parker Eng: I mean…
Your MSG: rooms.
Parker Eng: Yes and no. I, I… I still like seeing… The… the whole ring I mean, you know, this gives me an overall picture of what what it all… You know, is looking like. So I think… I think in the back of my mind, I… I don't like it missing at times. I… I like seeing the whole big picture.
Your MSG: I guess I'm not explaining it right.
Parker Eng: I'm not understanding, yeah, yeah.
Your MSG: So, if the whole brain… Right? Is just… the night sky. So, let's say… And I wish I could draw. But, like, let's say… I connect. And it's gonna look… it's kinda… it's kinda gonna be… it's gonna be kinda weird. But, like… It's the whole ring… is… Aww… All either black and light blue. And the light blue is… and there's, like, a small sliver of daylight.
Parker Eng: Yeah.
Your MSG: breaks it.
Parker Eng: Yeah, I see what you're saying. I see what you're saying. You know, you stretch the night all the way around, and you just, you have very little, of the sun, sun portion of that, that big, thick outer ring, is that what you're saying?
Your MSG: Yeah.
Parker Eng: I…
Your MSG: Like, how often do you use the… the… the thick sun… stuff.
Parker Eng: I actually use it a lot. So, you know, the one… the one ring that is missing from here. is the sun, although the sun is… is the big, thick ring, right? I mean, it shows when the sun rises and when the sun sets, okay? What's missing from it Oh, no, there it is, it's right there, Solar Noon. is the… is the yellow arrow, that's sitting at about 12, you know, 25 right now, or whatever time that is. that shows me when solar noon is, because, you know, I have used this before to try to figure out when and where the sun was gonna be with my solar telescope. So… so having that there is, you know, can be important. We do have a few people in our… in our club right now that have solar telescopes, too, so… So, I would be hesitant to delete the daytime portion away. You know, and I don't really… I guess, I don't really see that being… you know, I think… I think having the whole thing there… is helpful, and then… and then, of course, the inner part, where you've got the orbits, of the sun and the Moon and planets and, you know, all that stuff. you know, that… that… I guess that's… that's a separate component. It doesn't even follow the outer clock part, but it, you know, visually… It's still, helpful. To show where… everything is relative to each other. But, but as far as that outer part. Yeah, I… I would… I would be hesitant to… to… to take that away. I… I like having that there.
Your MSG: Okay, yeah, because the one thing I was thinking about was that, the possibility of… Having… both. like, different modes.
Parker Eng: the fact.
Your MSG: Makes sense. Okay. So, like, you could have, like, a day mode, A night mode. Or, you could have one where it's just, like, like, a planning mode. You know?
Parker Eng: Yeah.
Your MSG: And the reason why I say that is just because, if you were gonna use it as, like, a teaching tool, right? Because it's a web… it's gonna be a web app right now, right?
Parker Eng: Right, right.
Your MSG: Then, you know… Kevin… Like, showing the full thing, it's pretty confusing. But… If you just switch it today, and just say, okay, around day, this is the time when, like, solar noon's gonna be, solar noon is this, and do-do-do-do-do, right? Then it… That, or if you switch it to night, and you say, around this time, it's going to be, you'll be able to see these constellations, and this and this, this here at the current location.
Parker Eng: Who?
Your MSG: April. Yeah.
Parker Eng: So, sorry, so I, you know, switching it from… now I see why they have… noon on top or noon on bottom. I think that's… it's kind of the same thing that you're talking about, but what they've done is, you know, they've flipped it Where, you know, when you're looking at it, if it's a night, it's more natural to want to see Knight on top. But then when you're… during the day, it's more natural to want to see you know, the sunlight on top. Yeah. So I see what you're saying, and… Maybe we do the same thing, we just, we just put a switch in there, and we do noon on top, or noon on bottom, but we don't call it that, we say… You know, day on top, or day on bottom, or, you know, or night on top. You know, day on top or night on top. Oh. That might be… that might do what you and I are both talking about. But I still like having the entire circle. You know, the entire day. You know, on there at the same time.
Your MSG: Okay. Let me see… Yeah, I think that's about it. I can't think of any other questions, because, Is there, like, any… well, I guess here's one. Is there anything that you really wish you had on there?
Parker Eng: If… If I had my druthers, And I think you might have it on there already, but So, you know, another app that… or apps that I use, when I want to see exactly when sun rises and sunsets, or exactly when the moon rises and moon sets, to have the numbers, you know, the timestamps of… of those, both On there, somewhere. would be very helpful. That way, I just go to one app, and I don't have to, you know, And it would, it would, you know, say it no matter what hour, you know, it wouldn't change until… I changed the day. Then it shows, you know, the… what time it rises and sets. The only thing… okay, the only thing confusing, though, even on some of those other Sunrise, sun, sunset… well, actually, not sunrise, sunset, but the moonrise, moonset times. Is, sometimes the moon rises On one day, but then sets on the next day. So, sometimes it's a little confusing as to what day are we talking about, for the rise in the set, and sometimes it's on the same day. It rises, you know, in the morning and sets in the evening. So… I wonder how we can solve that. I don't know if there's a way to solve it. I mean, other people have… have… I think tried, and they just… You know, decided, you know what? Oh. I don't know, maybe we put the day of the, you know, the day of the week, so, you know, it rises at, you know, 10 p.m. on Tuesday, and you put Tuesday underneath it, and then it sets on, you know, at you know, 8 AM on Wednesday, or whatever. I don't know, I don't know how we… Make that a little bit easier to, to understand.
Your MSG: Okay. Is there any other, Like, problems or, like, constraints that you… You see that people have.
Parker Eng: I… I don't know, because I don't… I mean, you know, besides Fred and I, I just noticed something. If you look at the sun in the middle. It's literally a square image. If you look on the right and left of the sun, you can see where the gradient of the sun's… light.
Your MSG: Gets…
Parker Eng: Cut off by the square. They… they didn't even use a transparent You know, image of the sun.
Your MSG: in there.
Parker Eng: That's, that's funny, I just, I just noticed that. And I just also realized the, the importance and why they have the zodiac on here. Because that's where those constellations are, in the sky.
Your MSG: Yeah.
Parker Eng: when our… you know, I've never really used it because I've never, you know, been, I've never really put a lot of weight in my studies on the zodiac, on the… on those con… you know, I mean, I should know it, but, But I see that's where they are in the sky, and so as our planet goes around. So, like, you know, one thing that I've always known is that a particular zodiac where the time of year that, you know, we're in Scorpio or whatever, and I've taught this in the meetings before, but, you know. when… when it's November and it's Scorpio, well, Scorpio… It's where the sun is. So, the Sun is actually, in November, sitting where Scorpio is at noon. And so, but it's not a nighttime object. You can't see Scorpio… You know, in November, at night. Which I always thought was… It was weird, but, you know, that is what it is. That's the way they… they determined it, but, anyway. Yeah, and maybe, maybe, you know, maybe the zodiac we, we deal with later on, in a, in another mode or something. But… but for now, I don't necessarily think it's necessary.
Your MSG: Yeah, I think it's important, because I… That's what most people… are familiar with. Yeah. But kind of like you, like, I don't know what the signs are.
Parker Eng: Yep.
Your MSG: I look at.
Parker Eng: this, I'm like, okay, I have no idea what that symbol is.
Your MSG: Yeah.
Parker Eng: You know, I would need to have the word with that symbol. You know, the name with the symbol, I… yeah, that doesn't tell me anything.
Your MSG: Yeah, and I really think knowing the word is more important than the symbol.
Parker Eng: Yeah, yeah, I wouldn't even necessarily need the symbol there. I might prefer even having a line dot image of the actual constellation there, and then the name of it under it, or something, or around it, somehow. But again, that's… Another, you know, I don't think we need to… Concentrate on that, necessarily, right now.
Your MSG: Because I kind of think it's a good teaching thing. There's, last night, like, I was at church, and, one of the kids said, oh, there's… I forget what it was. But she said, oh yeah, it's at n-something-something something. Yeah. And, stupid. The dad was like… Oh, okay. And then she was just like, I noticed, because I did a presentation about it. And… So, like… Even having, like, the coordinates is… would be kind of cool, you know?
Parker Eng: Yep.
Your MSG: So,
Parker Eng: Like, I know I've seen it, when… like a comet was in the sky, you'll read articles and stuff, and it'll say, oh, so, you know, on this night, it's gonna be, you know, at the bottom, bottom left of, you know, Sagittarius, or whatever. And… you know, and so you're like, okay, where's Sagittarius? Most people are like, I don't know where Sagittarius is, I don't know what it looks like, I don't know what stars, you know, so, but… At the same time, how… how do we… How do we use this as a teaching tool to show them where Sagittarius is, You know, because this is a flat… this is a flat image. I mean, other than showing the outline of the constellation, Yeah, I don't know. Anyway, yeah, and I agree with you. It is important for people to learn it, at some point. I think it's a little more advanced.
Your MSG: Well, because if anything, like, if it's a tool, right?
Parker Eng: Yep.
Your MSG: That's how… that's what the secular world mostly knows.
Parker Eng: Right, right.
Your MSG: So, Yeah, I'll look into it. Okay.
Parker Eng: Good. Yeah.
Your MSG: And we'll figure it out. One of the things is, and this is the reason why, like, we're, If we go web first, then… We figure that out.
Parker Eng: And then…
Your MSG: We could go, like, mobile and everything else, you know?
Parker Eng: Yeah, yeah.
Your MSG: Because you think about it, like… Mobile is super simple. Right? And then, like, web, you could kind of make it, Just a little bit more complex, if that makes sense.
Parker Eng: Yeah, yeah.
Your MSG: Because, yeah. So, Let's see… Yeah, I think that's about it. Yeah, I appreciate the time and just showing me the app and everything, and thanks for hooking me up with TechSoup.
Parker Eng: Yeah.
Your MSG: I'm still kind of searching around to see if I could just I'm like a… use Mac Mini or a different Mac that, like, on Marketplace. that's somewhat of a decent price, because I really don't want to spend, like, a bunch of money just for… Something I'm, like, just to make a, It's kind of crazy, because you can only make Mac apps with a Mac.
Parker Eng: With a Mac, right, yeah, yeah.
Your MSG: So, that's why I'm just like, mmm… like, I have an iPhone, but, yeah, it just… Makes more sense to spend, like… $100 or $200 on an old Mac Mini.
Parker Eng: Yo.
Your MSG: then,
Parker Eng: I would advise that if you do, though, try to stay away from the Intel version.
Your MSG: Okay.
Parker Eng: Because, I mean, Apple doesn't support the Intel versions anymore. You would want to go with an M1.
Your MSG: Yeah.
Parker Eng: Yeah, yeah. And so…
Your MSG: Yeah, that's actually what I'm looking for, just, like, an old M1 or anything with an M chip. That's a decent price.
Parker Eng: I… I could talk to Fred, I know that he's got some… old, older Macs, He might be willing to, To sell you one of his older ones. For Day 4 use. You know, or… Or something. I'm trying to think if I have one. That's an… that's an M chip, of some sort, M1, M2. I can't think of one right now, but I'd have to check my office and see what's there. I mean, I've got… Yeah, so…
Your MSG: Yeah, if you guys are willing to sell anything, that'd be great, because if… if you just have the hardware just, like…
Parker Eng: Yeah, if it's not bad.
Your MSG: fitting around.
Parker Eng: Yeah, yeah.
Your MSG: no, I could get into it and just, like… I guess start hacking away on making some progress.
Parker Eng: Yep, yep. So, like, I, at my desk, I have a… I have an M4 Mac Mini, sitting here next to me. But I bought the cheapest one I could get my hands on. It was brand new, but it was the cheapest one I could get my hands on, because the M4 Mac Mini, and I don't know about the new M5s, but the M4… Version. There was… there's some people out there that figured out how to… swap out the SSD in it, and so, you know, and they had the link on… on where to… where to get the SSD, and, you know, it took a couple weeks for the… for it to come in, but I… I paid, like. you know, brand new, I think I paid, like, 4… I think I got it on sale, 400 and something for the… for the computer itself. Which came with 8GB of the, you know, the shared memory, and then, I think 256 on the SSD, which was not enough. So I upgraded it to a 2TB SSD. For a couple hundred bucks at the time. You know, which would have cost me close to, I think, $1,500, $1,600, $1,700 for that, for that, you know, for 2TB, to buy the 2TB version of the Mac Mini at the time. So I saved quite a bit of money, just upgrading it myself. Oh. Hmm. But, you know, but that deal's long gone, and I don't know if… That's possible with the… the new one, I know… I don't think it was possible with the older, like the M1, M2, M3, I don't think it was possible. to… to self-upgrade. anything in those. It was the M4. People were like, oh, yeah, okay, we figured out how to do it, and it was pretty easy, so… Anyway. Yeah, so my, my regular daily use computer is this Mac, M4 Mac Mini, and then I've got my, my power, my, my power, MacBook Pro, M3 Max, or whatever it's got in it. So… Anyway, let me… let me, let me check and see what I've got, or what Fred's got, and see what we can do.
Your MSG: Yeah, I appreciate it. And then, Yeah, once I get the recording, like, I have a general idea of what the app looks like now. So, and what you like and what you don't like. So… It's a good start.
Parker Eng: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Your MSG: So…
Parker Eng: Right?
Your MSG: Yeah, this is fun, man. Thanks for letting me… Hack away at this.
Parker Eng: Yeah, yeah, hey, you know… You know, I… different parts of the body, different functions, and… You know, definitely appreciate you using your gifts and talents in the way that God's gifted you, you know, with all this, because it's definitely not something that… I've dabbled with, you know, app development and stuff, but I quickly realized that's not my… That's not my venue. Yeah. So… So I appreciate it.
Your MSG: Yeah, my pleasure. Yeah. I have to go.
Parker Eng: Oh, yeah, that's good. So, I will, We'll, convene another time, but, appreciate it, and… I'll send you the recording, let me make sure I know where it gets saved here on my iPad, and then…
Your MSG: Okay.
Parker Eng: Alright?
Your MSG: Alright, take care, Parker. God bless.
Parker Eng: Alright, thanks, you too. Alright, bye.